<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="ResetEditableValues"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            Click on the "Submit" button triggers a validation. The validation state and value will be saved.
            Simple try to skip input or input any characters with length less than 5 and click on "Submit".
            <p/>
            Now if you would like to update server-side input values backed by managed bean, the validation state will not be reseted.
            This behavior can be replicated by "Regular Button". You will see red borders around input fields.
            Attached pe:resetEditableValue allows to reset the saved state of input fields completely. Red borders disappear.
            This behavior can be replicated by "Button with pe:resetEditableValues".
        </h:panelGroup>

        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerExample">
            <h:panelGroup id="inputPanel">
                <p:messages/>
                <h:panelGrid columns="2" columnClasses="formColumn1,formColumn2">
                    <h:outputText value="First value"/>
                    <p:inputText value="#{resetEditableValuesController.firstValue}" required="true"
                                 label="First value">
                        <f:validateLength minimum="5"/>
                    </p:inputText>
                    <h:outputText value="Second value"/>
                    <p:inputText value="#{resetEditableValuesController.secondValue}" required="true"
                                 label="Second value">
                        <f:validateLength minimum="5"/>
                    </p:inputText>
                    <f:facet name="footer">
                        <p:commandButton id="trigger" update="inputPanel" process="inputPanel" value="Submit"
                                         style="margin-top: 10px;"/>
                    </f:facet>
                </h:panelGrid>
            </h:panelGroup>
            
            <p:commandButton id="normal" value="Regular Button" update="inputPanel" process="@this" style="margin-top: 10px;"/>
            <p:commandButton id="reset" value="Button with pe:resetEditableValues" update="inputPanel" process="@this">
                <pe:resetEditableValues for="inputPanel"/>
            </p:commandButton>
        </h:panelGroup>

        <ui:decorate template="/templates/twoTabsDecorator.html">
            <ui:define name="contentTab1">
&lt;h:panelGroup id=&quot;inputPanel&quot;&gt;
    &lt;p:messages/&gt;
    &lt;h:panelGrid columns=&quot;2&quot;&gt;
        &lt;h:outputText value=&quot;First value&quot;/&gt;
        &lt;p:inputText value=&quot;\#{resetEditableValuesController.firstValue}&quot; required=&quot;true&quot;&gt;
                        label=&quot;First value&quot;
            &lt;f:validateLength minimum=&quot;5&quot;/&gt;
        &lt;/p:inputText&gt;
        &lt;h:outputText value=&quot;Second value&quot;/&gt;
        &lt;p:inputText value=&quot;\#{resetEditableValuesController.secondValue}&quot; required=&quot;true&quot;&gt;
                        label=&quot;Second value&quot;
            &lt;f:validateLength minimum=&quot;5&quot;/&gt;
        &lt;/p:inputText&gt;
        &lt;f:facet name=&quot;footer&quot;&gt;
            &lt;p:commandButton id=&quot;trigger&quot; update=&quot;inputPanel&quot; process=&quot;inputPanel&quot; value=&quot;Submit&quot;
                             style=&quot;margin-top: 10px;&quot;/&gt;
        &lt;/f:facet&gt;
    &lt;/h:panelGrid&gt;
&lt;/h:panelGroup&gt;
                
&lt;p:commandButton id=&quot;normal&quot; value=&quot;Regular Button&quot; update=&quot;inputPanel&quot; process=&quot;@this&quot; style=&quot;margin-top: 10px;&quot;/&gt;
&lt;p:commandButton id=&quot;reset&quot; value=&quot;Button with pe:resetEditableValues&quot; update=&quot;inputPanel&quot; process=&quot;@this&quot;&gt;
    &lt;pe:resetEditableValues for=&quot;inputPanel&quot;/&gt;
&lt;/p:commandButton&gt;
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="contentTab2">
@ManagedBean
@ViewScoped
public class ResetEditableValuesController
{

    private String firstValue;
    private String secondValue;

    public final String getFirstValue() {
        return firstValue;
    }

    public final void setFirstValue(final String value) {
        this.firstValue = value;
    }

    public final String getSecondValue() {
        return secondValue;
    }

    public final void setSecondValue(final String secondValue) {
        this.secondValue = secondValue;
    }
}
            </ui:define>
        </ui:decorate>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/resetEditableValues/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="resetEditableValues"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
