<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<ui:composition template="/templates/showcaseLayout.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="centerContent">
        <f:facet name="header">
            <h:outputText value="MasterDetail"/>
        </f:facet>
        <h:panelGroup layout="block" styleClass="centerContent">
            MasterDetail component allows to group contents into levels (sections) and saves page space. 
            Smart and flexible navigation between levels via breadcrumbs or command components gives a neat and stylish interface for users.
            <p/>
            Each level in the flow is represented with a MasterDetailLevel component. 
            Switching between levels occurs by means of SelectDetailLevel handler and is based on ajax, that means each level is loaded dynamically by ajax. 
            SelectDetailLevel can be attached to any PrimeFaces component implementing UICommand. 
            Such typically components are CommandLink, CommandButton, MenuItem, RemoteCommand and HotKey.
            <p/>
            This approach gives a flexible and powerful capability to control partial validation and to call action / actionListener during navigation.
            Area to be updated / processed during navigation between levels is set automatically to the MasterDetail component - no needs to specify
            it in "process" / "update" attributes of command component SelectDetailLevel is attached to. But of course, this area can be also controlled 
            more precise by "update" / "process" attributes. Partial validation can be e.g. skipped by setting process="@none" or immediate="true". 
            Partial validation in case of the navigation via breadcrumbs is always skipped automatically.
            <p/>
            Other features are FlowLevel objects keeping current state of context values, "header", "footer" facets and more.
        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="useCases">
        <ui:include src="/sections/masterDetail/useCasesChoice.xhtml"/>
    </ui:define>
    <ui:define name="docuTable">
        <ui:include src="/sections/shared/documentation.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="tagName" value="masterDetail"/>
        </ui:include>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
